#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
% 如果没有这一句命令，XeTeX会出错，原因参见
% http://bbs.ctex.org/viewthread.php?tid=60547
\DeclareRobustCommand\nobreakspace{\leavevmode\nobreak\ }
\usepackage{tkz-euclide}
\usetkzobj{all}

\def\degree{^\circ}
\def\bt{\begin{theorem}}
\def\et{\end{theorem}}
\def\bl{\begin{lemma}}
\def\el{\end{lemma}}
\def\bc{\begin{corrolary}}
\def\ec{\end{corrolary}}
\def\ba{\begin{proof}[解]}
\def\ea{\end{proof}}
\def\ue{\mathrm{e}}
\def\ud{\,\mathrm{d}}
\def\GF{\mathrm{GF}}
\def\ui{\mathrm{i}}
\def\Re{\mathrm{Re}}
\def\Im{\mathrm{Im}}
\def\Res{\mathrm{Res}}
\def\diag{\,\mathrm{diag}\,}
\def\be{\begin{equation}}
\def\ee{\end{equation}}
\def\bee{\begin{equation*}}
\def\eee{\end{equation*}}
\def\sumcyc{\sum\limits_{cyc}}
\def\prodcyc{\prod\limits_{cyc}}
\def\i{\infty}
\def\a{\alpha}
\def\b{\beta}
\def\g{\gamma}
\def\d{\delta}
\def\l{\lambda}
\def\m{\mu}
\def\t{\theta}
\def\p{\partial}

%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%
%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%
%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%

\providecommand{\abs}[1]{\left\lvert#1\right\rvert}
\providecommand{\norm}[1]{\lVert#1\rVert}
\providecommand{\paren}[1]{\left(#1\right)}

%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%
%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%
%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%

\newcommand{\ZZ}{\mathbb{Z}}
\newcommand{\NN}{\mathbb{N}}
\newcommand{\QQ}{\mathbb{Q}}
\newcommand{\RR}{\mathbb{R}}
\newcommand{\pNN}{\mathbb{N}_{+}}
\end_preamble
\options a4paper,UTF8
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language chinese-simplified
\language_package default
\inputencoding utf8-cjk
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\font_cjk gbsn
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures false
\graphics default
\default_output_format pdf2
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 2
\use_package amssymb 2
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 2cm
\topmargin 3cm
\bottommargin 3cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Compensated compactness and applications to partial differential equations
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
连续介质力学与物理学中建立的偏微分方程是非线性的.
 10年前主要有两种方法处理非线性方程(J.L.
 Lions [5]): compactness argument 和 monotonicity argument(常依赖凸性的结果).
 G.Duvaut, J.L.
 Lions [2]进行了系统的研究, 但仍有大量问题未解决.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
J.M.
 Ball[1]: 非线性弹性的实际问题
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
p138.
 在补偿紧的条件下, 
\begin_inset Formula $F$
\end_inset

有性质
\begin_inset Formula $F\left(u_{n},v_{n}\right)\wc F\left(u,v\right)$
\end_inset

, 则
\begin_inset Formula $F$
\end_inset

具有形式
\begin_inset Formula 
\[
F\left(u,v\right)=Cu\cdot v+\text{affine function of }u,v.
\]

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
p138.
 on bounded sets the weak topology of 
\begin_inset Formula $L^{q}\left(\Omega\right)$
\end_inset

, where 
\begin_inset Formula $1<q<\infty$
\end_inset

, is metrizable.
 closed bounded convex sets of 
\begin_inset Formula $L^{q}\left(\Omega\right)$
\end_inset

 are weakly sequentially compact.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
p139.
 on 
\begin_inset Formula $L^{\infty}\left(\Omega\right)$
\end_inset

, denote the weak * topology by 
\begin_inset Formula $\sigma\left(L^{\infty},L^{1}\right)$
\end_inset

, on bounded sets it is metrizable.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
